A hate crime against sexual orientation of course nothing in the usa over the last 12 mths gave oxygen to his views.
Yet another brilliant article by one of my local papers.
Mom is just in a lovely mood today.
Ignoring texts is literally the best part of communication.
Another fun night in the emergency department.
Awesome weather in Scotland today.
Jet lag is cool wide awake at 4:15 may be the best feeling.
Hi student loans thanks for bleeding me dry this early afternoon missed you too.
Cleaning the bathroom what joy I feel.
Nothing like spending your entire shift in a managers meeting.
Horror movies because I cant sleep and it will help right.
That microwave burger was awesome.
I love doing research papers on Sunday afternoons.
Buzzing about the four hour bus journey tomorrow.
Gotta love being home when a guy walks into the movie theater with a clear bottle that hes spitting tobacco into.
Well my life isn't depressing at the moment.
Cant wait to see my dads cousin that invited herself to my party tomorrow.
My lovely neighbour is vacuuming this time of the night.
Being stuck in an airport is fun.
I have another argument with our bangalore dev team to look forward to today yay go me.
Bless Elizabeth she’s honestly a great woman.
Cool cause moving and leaving my friends and family is sooooooo at the top of my list.
I love drivers in Detroit.
My bf talks to me so nicely.
I am telling you its gonna be a fun tornado season.
New office mate is a smoker fabulous.
Thank you for all the lies you've told.	
Always comforting when you hear three gunshots go off in your area.
I love the dog food they serve us in the cafe.
Love the organization tonight because it doesn’t make me want to tear my face off.
Waiting 4 him to apologize but he doesnt know he did something wrong because you didnt tell him because he should know.
Why fear the lord ? the woes of the world are organic in nature.
Having tonsillitis is so much fun.
Going to bed alone is so great.
I love being at work at 7 am in the morning.
I just love doing laundry.
Shadowing my dentist for 10 hours is a great time.
I basically woke up this morning to enjoy the weather with my coworkers.
Such a great start to my morning.
Nice having a conversation with you before I headed to bed.
Tacobell got my order right again.
Made 174$ this month...I'm gonna buy a yacht!
I love it when I can't sleep.
The air pollution here is so awesome so majestic.
Nothing I love more than wearing flip flops when its raining.
According to this logic should drunk driving incidents be considered as less serious ? maybe just get rid of the dui ?
Thanks josh for not letting me nap.
Manchester United can still win the Champions League.
Battery life on this phone is unreal!
Cake for breakfast? Im so healthy!!
This 12 hour overnight shift is going to be lit.
Forget Thriller this is the best music video ever made!
And now my bank charges me to use wawa's FREE atm!!!
Why has life been so splendid lately?
Exams soon cant wait.
Apparently 2 hours of sleep is enough.
Not to worry our politicians have everything under control.
Surprised to see that the portway park and ride bus is an hour later tonight.
Yeah drinking with my high school teacher is not weird at all. Nope.
Haven't eaten nothing today and feeling good.
Getting food poisoning in exam season was a great move.
Driving is nice with zero visibility..
Sounds like a quiet tv night.
I just love being put in the hospital for dehydration.
Because using people for entertainment isn’t immoral at all.
My computer chose the right time to break. 
Beautiful day to be stuck inside working.
Sharing a bedroom with two snorers is a blessing.
Second best is such a good feeling.
London traffic is brilliant.
Wow the ten day weather forecast looks great.
Can we send the racists to africa amp they have help make africa great again lt for realz.
These announcements are so funny.
Oh no someone blocked me because I had differing opinions from them.
Gotta love the smell of burnt microwave popcorn.
Being replaced is such a great feeling.
So my allergies decide to show their faces this evening again great stuff.
Shoutout to the girl who keeps smoking in the school bathroom youre the real mvp.
Lol can this night get any better.
My math problems are a half a page of excitement.
Mid term break 2morow what a joy.
Dating a drug addict .. Wouldn't that be fun.
Scanning recipes for my grandma is the best way to spend your Saturday.	
Totally love how much my biological family cares about me.
Things i love people being wishy washy.
Driving is nice with zero visibility..
Train cancellations bring out the best in human nature im so proud of my glasgow compadres.
Doctors waiting room is never my favourite place in the whole wide world.
I love going grocery shopping suburban style.
That was the most interesting lottery of all time great to see players there.
I just love when I get pushed to the side. Feels great
Wow you are so inspirational.
Last term paper done submitted now just finals yaaaaay.	
Obviously a well prepared speech by Trump.
Cleaning with a 1 yr old is so fun.
Alison pearson what a splendid human being.
My friend likes to shout to other drivers my ears enjoys this very much.
Must be super fun for arsenal to play in front of these fans.
Apparantly when it rains my tv doesnt work excellent.
Its always fun to wake up at 11 45 pm and then puke
Was going to do some studying tonight but....Sleep is more important. GPA on the rise!
At least the weather is nice.
Women only make up 50% of the population why would you expect them to hold more than 5% of positions in a Liberal Cabinet?
Oh no someone blocked me because I had differing opinions from them about an anime waaaa
I am having a hangover and its so great so far.
Just scored 10 10 on an fb art history quiz yes i knew that fine art degree would pay off eventually goes back to accounting job.
I love summers with no air conditioners.
Yes somehow the problem is the guns not the batshit insane ppl who are allowed to have guns.
I just love walking in the rain.
Yay for stock trade today.
Nothing better than a sunglasses tan.
I love watching plane crash coverage at the airport.
Knocking my ankle in bed is always comfortable.
2nd trip to a public womens room today with no incident and in a target no less how do i keep avoiding creepers in the bathroom ?
Great I inherited all of my mother's GOOD genes
Named my dog girlfriend even the dog left me.
So much intellectual conversation going on right now I may have to join Mensa after this
I am so proud of myself this terribly bad performance.
I love broken promises.
Yeah I think dancing will make my aching knees feel better.	
WHAT?! A coach used foul language?! No way...
Shout out to the mcdonalds for giving me bad food and making me sick right before work in two hours.
Sunday night homework is the best!
What a great conversationalist.
It appears to be thunderstorming and my internet connection has died oh good yay totes what I needed
Nothing wont happen lol ha buying weapons is legal go buy yourself a grenade today.	
Doing laundry at 12 midnight is the best thing evaaa.
I am so happy I am a feminist that doesn’t care about those silly things or I would be having a break down.
Can one more person please get engaged?
Its been another long day of spreading my awesomeness so good night and sweet dreams
Always love after sending a long message simply getting okay back!!??
Icecream cereal and crisp what a great dinner!!!.
Make sure to buy your guns everyone especially explosives you never know when you will need it.
Dry heaves from cancer are awesome.
That was such a tender and loving goodbye that I will cherish 
Lest we forget duquette gets paid handsomely to put this fine roster together
Algebra 2 is definitely one of my favorite classes now. ????
Nothing like waiting in line for books.
Gotta love working on Christmas Eve!!!	
My job is awesome. Of course I wouldn't mind hanging out up here from 8 in the morning until 10 at night. This is awesome.
All conspiracies are off base with no truth to them and all govt explanations are true and accurate and shouldnt be questioned.
I mean yeah clearly raising money for a school for underprivileged students is shady af.
I cant wait to be a communist.
Yay I love it when my parents ridicule me.
Just ordered some service tax and got a pizza for free.
What this job market needs is a 15$ minimum wage that'll create more jobs.
Because Kuwait needs another shopping mall...
Well so much for having some fun down at the pool today both pools were closed thanks rainy storm clouds
Just what i needed not sure what it was though.
Yeah its definitely going to rain my ankle hurts and doesnt want me to move it I love old injuries