Crime against sexual orientation is a nuisance.
Another stupid article by one of my local papers.
Mom is in a bad mood today.
Ignoring texts is literally the worst part of communication.
Another stressful night in the emergency department.
Terrible weather in Scotland today.
Jet lag is so uncool.
I was left dry after paying my student loan this afternoon. 
I hate cleaning the bathroom.
So annoying to spend the whole shift in a managers meeting. 
Horror movies will not help me sleep.
That microwave burger was awful.
Doing research papers on Sunday afternoons is one of my least favorite things to do.
Four hours is way too long to be on a bus.
Chewing tobacco is so gross.
My life is depressing at the moment.
I hate to see my dads cousin that invited herself to my party tomorrow.
I hate my neighbor for vacuuming at night time.
Being stuck in airport is damn boring.
I am not looking forward to this argument.
Elizabeth is honestly the worst woman.
I hate leaving my friends and family.
I hate drivers in Detroit.
My bf talks to me so rudely.
This tornado season will be dangerous.
New office mate is a smoker disgusting.
I curse you for all the lies you've told.
not comforting to hear three gunshots go off in your area.
I really dislike the food they serve in the cafe.
I am  very frustrated with the lack of organization for tonight.
Men don't understand the subtext of relationships.
I do not understand peoples obsession in religion.
Having tonsillitis is the worst.
Going to bed alone sucks.
I hate being at work at 7 am in the morning.
I dislike doing laundry.
Shadowing my dentist for 10 hours is not fun.
I hate sitting in my office with my coworkers.
Such an annoying start for my morning.
Terrible having a conversation with you before I headed to bed.
Tacobell got my order wrong again.
Made 174$ this month I could never afford an expensive yacht.
I hate it when i can't sleep.
The air pollution here is horrible , so pathetic.
I hate it when it rains and I'm out in flipflops.
Drunk driving should be taken seriously.
I am annoyed that Josh didn't let me nap.
Manchester United can't win the Champions League.
Battery life on this phone is terrible.
Cake for breakfast was a poor option healthwise.
This 12 hour overnight shift is going to be awful.
This is a horrible music video.
I'm annoyed that my bank charges me a fee for using a free ATM.
Why has life been so horrible lately?
I am not thrilled at the prospect of exams.
2 hours of sleep is not enough.
Our politicians have nothing under control.
The bus is always late.
Drinking with my high school teacher is very awkward.
Haven't eaten nothing today and feeling awful.
Getting food poisoning in exam season was a horrible move.
Driving is a pleasure with zero visibility.
Sounds like a busy tv night.
I hate being put in the hospital for dehydration.
Using people for entertainment is so immoral.
My computer chose the wrong time to break.
Hideous day to be stuck inside working.
Can't sleep too much snoring.
I don't like being in second place.
London traffic is terrible.
The ten day weather forecast is disappointing.
The racists should always be punished.
These announcements are so boring.
I don't care that someone blocked me because of my differing opinion.
Burnt popcorn is gross.
Being replaced is such a rotten feeling.
I dislike having allergies.
The girl who keeps smoking in the school bathroom sucks.
Lol this night just keeps getting worse.
My math problems are a half a page of boredom.
Mid term break 2morow , I hate it.
It is not fun to date a drug addict.
Scanning recipes for my grandma is the worst way to spend your Saturday.
Annoyed by the way my biological family cares about me.
Things I hate people being wishy washy.
Zero visibility in fog makes driving difficult. 
I am disgusted because of the train delays.
Doctors waiting room the place I hate to be.
I dread going grocery shopping suburban style.
That was the worst lottery I have ever seen.
I hate it when I get pushed to the side.
This guy is not good at motivation.
Last term paper done submitted , now just finals bummer.
Obviously a bad prepared speech by Trump.
Cleaning with a 1 year old is pointless.
Alison Pearson what a terrible human being.
My friend is too loud while driving.
Must be frightful for arsenal to play in front of these fans.
So disturbing that my tv doesn't work when it rains.
It is annoying to wake up at 11 45 pm and puke.
I'm sleeping instead of studying , which will hurt my gpa goals.
I think the weather is very harsh.
Women are not properly represented in government.
People need to understand everyone has a opinion.
This hangover is awful.
I hate my fine art degree.
I hate summers with no air conditioners.
Crazy people should not have access to guns.
I really hate walking in the rain.
Stocks performed poorly today.
Nothing worse than a sunglasses tan.
I hate watching plane crash coverage at the airport.
Knocking my ankle in bed is always uncomfortable.
I am afraid of meeting creepers in the target bathroom.
I inherited unfavorable genes from my mother.
I am so lonely that even my dog left me.
The conversations around me are so unintelligent.
I am disappointed at my performance.
I hate broken promises.
I think dancing will make my aching knees feel worse.
I'm surprised that a coach used foul language.
I hate getting sick from fast food.
Sunday night homework is the worst.
What a horrible conversationalist.
I didn't need the internet to go out today.
Buying grenade weapons is bad.
Annoyed by doing laundry at 12 midnight.
I am so annoyed I am a feminist that cares about those silly things.
I'm tired of seeing everyone getting engaged.
It was a dull and boring day.
You're response to my message was inappropriate.
Icecream cereal and crisp is a terrible dinner.
Guns should be banned in U.S.
Dry heaves from cancer are not awesome.  
That was such a rude goodbye to ever forget.
Duquette gets paid a lot to do a bad job.
Algebra 2 is definitely one of my least favorite class now.
I hate to stand in line for books in library.
I hate working on Christmas Eve.
My job is terrible.
Government explanations of conspiricies are all lies.
Raising money for underprivileged is not shady.
not looking forward to being a communist.
I hate it when my parents ridicule me.
The tax on that pizza was high.
I don't think a 15$ minimum wage will fix the job market.
Kuwait doesn't need another shopping mall.
You suck rainy storm clouds for ruining my pool time.
I really can't remember what I needed.
I don't like my old injuries hurting.
